Privacy Policy


Baryon Pancake ("developer") built Pocketronics ("app") as an ad-free app.

This privacy policy is used to inform you regarding policies with the collection, use, and 
disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this Service.


1. Overview

The app uses neither advertising nor in-app payments.

Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used in the app


2. Sharing Your Information

The developer doesn't share any personal information.


3. What information are collected and why

Pocketronics is an offline application. It doesn't collect any personal information.


4. Security

Since the application uses neither advertising nor the Internet, the developer guarantees
the security of personal data during the use of the application. However, the developer is
not responsible for unforeseen circumstances that have arisen in the course of using the
application.
Especially the developer is not responsible for the consequences of using Pocketronics
if the application was modified by a third party or was downloaded from a third-party
resource (not from Google Play)


5. Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you 
will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me.
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have 
no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or 
practices of any third-party sites or services.


6. Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. I do not knowingly collect 
personally identifiable information from children under 16. In the case I discover that 
a child under 16 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete those 
informations. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary
actions.


7. Distribution

The only official channel for distribution of this app is Google Play Store

Any other mode of distribution is not official and thus, is not maintained by the developer.
This privacy policy is effective to distribution made on official channel only.


8. Changes to This Privacy Policy

This policy may be updated from time to time.


Contact me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact me.

d59dinges(AT)gmail(DOT)com
